+++
title = "The effects of posterior sampling design on management procedure performance in MSE"
date = 2019-01-25T12:30:00-08:00
draft = false

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "University of Washing SAFS Quantitative Seminar"
event_url = "https://fish.uw.edu/news-events/seminar-series/quantitative-seminar/"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel D. N. Johnson","Sean P. Cox"]

# Location of event.
location = "Seattle, USA"


# Tags and categories
# For example, use `tags = []` for no tags, or the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["MSE","Simulation","Management"]
#categories = []

# Links (optional).
#url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "slides.pdf"
url_video = "https://vimeo.com/313461853"
#url_code = ""


# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
#[image]
# Caption (optional)
#caption = ""

# Focal point (optional)
# Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
#focal_point = "Smart"

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
#time_start = 2019-01-25T12:30:00
#time_end = 2019-01-25T13:30:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
#abstract = ["Fisheries management strategy evaluation ranks candidate management procedures according to their relative risk of failing to meet management outcomes, examining distributions of possible futures generated by monte-carlo simulations. The historical period, which sets up the jumping off point of these simulated futures, is often conditioned on the results of an assessment, usually by sampling the posterior distribution of the assessment in some way to integrate over uncertainty. Previous research on best practices suggests that sampling a Bayesian posterior is the best way, but makes no mention of how exactly the sampling should be designed. Furthermore, while a small number of posterior samples may be adequate to rank management procedures, objective risk measures may be biased under small sample sizes. We show two examples of sampling procedures that we used to improve representation of risk in previous management strategy evaluations for BC herring and sablefish, and discuss preliminary results from rigorous tests of alternative sampling designs."]

#abstract_short = ["I investigate the effects of posterior sampling methods when integrating over parameter uncertainty in closed loop simulations for Management Strategy Evaluation."]

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
#featured = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
#projects = ["Operating Model Conditioning"]
projects = []


# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references 
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""


# Does the content use math formatting?
#math = true

+++


Fisheries management strategy evaluation ranks candidate management procedures according to their relative risk of failing to meet management outcomes, examining distributions of possible futures generated by monte-carlo simulations. The historical period, which sets up the jumping off point of these simulated futures, is often conditioned on the results of an assessment, usually by sampling the posterior distribution of the assessment in some way to integrate over uncertainty. Previous research on best practices suggests that sampling a Bayesian posterior is the best way, but makes no mention of how exactly the sampling should be designed. Furthermore, while a small number of posterior samples may be adequate to rank management procedures, objective risk measures may be biased under small sample sizes. We show two examples of sampling procedures that we used to improve representation of risk in previous management strategy evaluations for BC herring and sablefish, and discuss preliminary results from rigorous tests of alternative sampling designs."
abstract_short = "I investigate the effects of posterior sampling methods when integrating over parameter uncertainty in closed loop simulations for Management Strategy Evaluation.
